#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp-retry
    #   twilio
aiohttp-retry==2.9.1
    # via twilio
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.49.0
    # via -r requirements.in
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   browserbase
    #   httpx
    #   mcp
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python
atproto==0.0.61
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   zeep
beautifulsoup4==4.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google
browserbase==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   mailchimp-marketing
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
chardet==5.2.0
    # via mbstrdecoder
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   atproto
    #   uvicorn
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via
    #   atproto
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
dataproperty==1.1.0
    # via
    #   pytablewriter
    #   tabledata
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via pygithub
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   browserbase
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via atproto
dropbox==12.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
enum-compat==0.0.3
    # via intuit-oauth
filelock==3.18.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
google==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core==2.24.2
    # via google-api-python-client
google-api-python-client==2.166.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.69.2
    # via google-api-core
googlemaps==4.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via playwright
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   atproto
    #   browserbase
    #   mcp
    #   notion-client
    #   notion-to-md-py
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via mcp
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   yarl
intuit-oauth==1.2.6
    # via python-quickbooks
isodate==0.7.2
    # via zeep
jiter==0.9.0
    # via anthropic
libipld==3.0.1
    # via atproto
lxml==5.3.2
    # via
    #   python-docx
    #   zeep
mailchimp-marketing==3.0.80
    # via -r requirements.in
mailerlite==0.1.10
    # via -r requirements.in
mbstrdecoder==1.1.4
    # via
    #   dataproperty
    #   pytablewriter
    #   typepy
mcp==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
more-itertools==10.6.0
    # via simple-salesforce
multidict==6.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
notion-client==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   notion-to-md-py
notion-to-md-py==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   typepy
pathvalidate==3.2.3
    # via pytablewriter
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   zeep
playwright==1.51.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ply==3.11
    # via stone
prometheus-client==0.21.1
    # via -r requirements.in
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via google-api-core
protobuf==6.30.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.3
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   atproto
    #   browserbase
    #   mcp
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.1
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.8.1
    # via mcp
pyee==12.1.1
    # via playwright
pygithub==2.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   intuit-oauth
    #   pygithub
    #   simple-salesforce
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   twilio
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via pygithub
pyopenssl==25.0.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via httplib2
pytablewriter==1.2.1
    # via notion-to-md-py
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   mailchimp-marketing
    #   python-quickbooks
    #   typepy
python-docx==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
python-quickbooks==0.9.11
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   typepy
    #   zeep
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dropbox
    #   google-api-core
    #   googlemaps
    #   intuit-oauth
    #   mailchimp-marketing
    #   mailerlite
    #   pygithub
    #   python-quickbooks
    #   requests-file
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   simple-salesforce
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   stripe
    #   twilio
    #   zeep
requests-file==2.1.0
    # via zeep
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   intuit-oauth
    #   python-quickbooks
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via zeep
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
simple-salesforce==1.12.6
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   dropbox
    #   intuit-oauth
    #   mailchimp-marketing
    #   python-dateutil
    #   stone
slack-sdk==3.35.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   browserbase
snowflake-connector-python==3.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sse-starlette==2.2.1
    # via mcp
starlette==0.46.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mcp
    #   sse-starlette
stone==3.3.1
    # via dropbox
stripe==12.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tabledata==1.3.4
    # via pytablewriter
tcolorpy==0.1.7
    # via pytablewriter
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via snowflake-connector-python
twilio==9.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
typepy[datetime]==1.3.4
    # via
    #   dataproperty
    #   pytablewriter
    #   tabledata
typing-extensions==4.13.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   atproto
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   browserbase
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyee
    #   pygithub
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-docx
    #   simple-salesforce
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   stripe
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   mailchimp-marketing
    #   pygithub
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.34.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mcp
websockets==13.1
    # via atproto
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via deprecated
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
zeep==4.3.1
    # via simple-salesforce

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
